Help information for FCD (Functional Connectivity Density):
    
mask: could be whole brain mask or gray matter mask.
id index: identifier to find unique string for each subject
filetype: files in the filetype will be searched in input directories.
4D nifti files: if the input data is 4D, check this item. Otherwise uncheck.
input dirs: directories can be input either using a .txt file or spm select window.
compute: use OPENCL supported CPU or GPU to calculate FCD
r threshold: threshold of correlation (to binarize functional connectivity and sum up)
metrics:
    fcd-functional connectivity density, calculate global and region grow defined degree
    fcs-functional connectivity strength, calculate global-wise sum/mean of above threshold intensity
    fcs abs-absolute functional connectivity strength, firstly convert FC map to absolute value and calculate global-wise sum/mean of above threshold intensity

out dir: output directory for saving results.
    
Buttons:
    S: Save parameters of the current panel to a *.mat file. The *.mat can be further loaded for the panel or be used in a script processing.
    L: Load parameters from *.mat for the current panel.
    ?: Help information.
    
Output files:
Raw:
    gfcd(global fcd): count the number of voxels of voxel to whole brain correlation (rho > threshold)
    lfcd(local fcd): count the number of voxels of voxel to neighbour voxels' correlation (rho > threshold, with region grow method)
    lrfcd(long-range fcd): gfcd - lfcd
    fcs: sum of above threshold voxels' intensity (fisher z) divided by masksize - 1 (the sum of fcs is calculated global-wise, not restricted to a certain boundary in the current version)
Normalized:
    gfcd: gfcd(Raw) divided by mean value of gfcd(Raw)
    lfcd: lfcd(Raw) divided by mean value of lfcd(Raw)
    lrfcd: lrfcd(Raw) divided by mean value of lrfcd(Raw)
    fcs_nor: fcs(Raw) divided by mean value of fcs(Raw)
    
Note:
    If driver related errors occured (for CPU or GPU), try to install the latest intel-opencl driver https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/opencl-drivers
	
Reference:
    Functional connectivity density mapping. Tomasi, D. 2010. PNAS
    Identifying and Mapping Connectivity Patterns of Brain Network Hubs in Alzheimer's Disease. 	Zhengjia, DAI. 2015. Cerebral Cortex
end
     