Help information for Network Calculation:
    
parallel workers: number of workers used for parallel computing.
filetype: files in the filetype will be searched in input directories.
data dir: directory where all *.txt correlation matrix results are stored.
    
matrix type:
    raw value: use raw value to construct binary matrix.
    absolute value: use absolute value to construct binary matrix.
	
intensity threshold: vector of thresholds for matrix intensity. e.g. correlation coefficient
thresholds of sparsity: a vector of sparsity threshold, for each element, threshold the input matrix using the fraction of the matrix¡¯s largest number of connection n * (n+1)/2;
    
minimum spanning tree: a process to avoid unconnected network. To label the backbone of the network's nodes.
    
matrix type: binarized and weighted network. The binarized networks comes from thresholded input matrics, while the weighted network comes from a dot product operation of binarized network and the original network.
Network properies: a panel to select network properties.
                   in the option panel, (*) means the calculation of the property is slow.
out dir: output directory for saving results.
    
zero value in clustering coefficient: if the network is connected in a way (e.g. Hamilton path) that neighbour nodes are not connected; or the current node has only one neighbour node.
Inf in small worldness: The small-worldness is calculated as real-network / random-network, and in real and random case, small-worldness is calculated as clustering coefficient/shortest-path length. If the mean clustering coefficient of the random-network is zero, then the small-worldness of random-network is zero, and it will cause the real-network / random-network to be Inf(any non-zero divided by 0). The solution is set smaller thresholds that avaliable for all subjects.
    
Buttons:
    S: Save parameters of the current panel to a *.mat file. The *.mat can be further loaded for the panel or be used in a script processing.
    L: Load parameters from *.mat for the current panel.
    ?: Help information.
    
end
     