Help information for Preprocess:
    
System Configuration:
    Output to wk dir: Set to output results to wk (working) directory defined below. BRANT will create new directory for each subject and copy necessary files to the new directory, then start processing.
    Check Board: Open/Close CheckBoard.
    Sync: Synchronize parameters of TR in slice timing and denoise.
    Parallel Workers: The number of workers used during processing. e.g. when set to 2, BRANT will run 2 subjects in parallel. The processing speed depends on both CPU and Hard Drive speed, if there are a lot data IO with less computation task, set to more workers will slow down the entire process.
    
Directories: 
    wk dir: Working directory to save intermidiate files. By default is set to the current directory.
    data dirs: directories of each subject, can be inupt from an SPM input dialog of directories or from a *.txt file filled with one directory at a line.
    filetype: Initial filetype for processing, normally wildcard after DICOM conversion. The item can update itself after each process.
    data in 4D: Checked means input data is in 4D format, which is highly suggested. If 3D file format is used, each subjects directory will have up to thousands of files after process.
    
Preprocess Modules: (for parameters, press help in each input dialog)
    Slice Timing: Correct for timing information of each slice during one TR.
    Realign: Correct and estimate spatially the head motion.
    Coregister (optional): Coregister structural image to mean functional images.
    Normalize: Normalize functional images to standard space (both SPM12 and SPM8 methods is valid).
    Denoise: multi-variable regerssion and filter.
    Smooth: 3D spatial smooth with Gaussian kernal.
    
Buttons:
    R: Refresh (only checkboxes, parameters will remain untouched). Uncheck all selected items and recover the Run button when an error occurs.
    S: Save parameters of the current panel to a *.mat file. The *.mat can be further loaded for the panel or be used in a script processing.
    L: Load parameters from *.mat for the current panel.
    ?: Help information.
    
end